NAME
    ORLite - Extremely light weight SQLite-specific ORM

SYNOPSIS
      package Foo;

      use strict;
      use ORLite 'data/sqlite.db';
  
      my @adams = Foo::Person->select('where first_name = ?', 'Adam');

      1;

DESCRIPTION
    THIS CODE IS EXPERIMENTAL AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE

    YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!

    SQLite is a light weight single file SQL database that provides an
    excellent platform for embedded storage of structured data.

    However, while it is superficially similar to a regular server-side SQL
    database, SQLite has some significant attributes that make using it like
    a traditional database difficult.

    For example, SQLite is extremely fast to connect to compared to server
    databases (1000 connections per second is not unknown) and is
    particularly bad at concurrency, as it can only lock transactions at a
    database-wide level.

    This role as a superfast internal data store can clash with the roles
    and designs of traditional object-relational modules like Class::DBI or
    DBIx::Class.

    What this situation would seem to need is an object-relation system that
    is designed specifically for SQLite and is aligned with its
    idiosyncracies.

    ORLite is an object-relation system specifically for SQLite that follows
    many of the same principles as the ::Tiny series of modules and has a
    design that aligns directly to the capabilities of SQLite.

    Further documentation will be available at a later time, but the
    synopsis gives a pretty good idea of how it will work.

TO DO
    - Add the functionality for modifying databases, not just read from them

SUPPORT
    Bugs should be reported via the CPAN bug tracker at

    <http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Perl-Metrics>

    For other issues, contact the author.

AUTHOR
    Adam Kennedy <adamk@cpan.org>

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright 2008 Adam Kennedy.

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself.

    The full text of the license can be found in the LICENSE file included
    with this module.

